hi i'm peter carney from city food
growers and I've got another short movie
for you today this one is about
companion planting there's a whole lot
of companion planting information on our
website at city food growers combo you
on every plant every vegetable and herb
over 130 of them that are in the site so
today here we've got a beard in our
garden which mostly Brassica plants they
are Polly flowers brought broccoli and
cabbage and so what I'm going to do is
to put in some companion plants in here
and show you how it's done and talk
about some of those plants and with
companion planting there's three main
reasons why you would do companion
planting the first is to to deter the
pests from eating your plants so here we
have the first point here is coriander
beautiful strong smelling herb and it's
great to plant coriander around your
colleague youkali flowers and broccoli
as the smell deters the cabbage moth
that loves to attack these sorts of
plants so I always try to have some
coriander as a companion so that deters
them here we have another plant here
which is called yarrow and yarrow is on
the corner of every garden bed in this
garden and it's a plant that goes with
every other plant and it helps to tune
the soil so it's great to have in your
garden it includes the fertility of
and then there are other plants that
well there's a few other plants in this
garden that that help with the growing
this is a minced bed to you and mint is
a really good companion for the the
brassicas the smell also helps with the
moving the pests away
we also have onions in here as well that
are another good plan to distract the
pests and then the the third plant we'll
put in here in the spaces is lettuce now
lettuce doesn't do anything with the
past all that's really doing is taking
up space between these plants because
these sorts of plants Crowley flowers
and broccolis grow very high and there's
always space underneath and so growing
leafy plants like lettuce are great for
taking up the space and lettuce is a
wonderful crop in that it really can be
friendly with virtually every plant so
it's a companion that goes with lots of
other plants doesn't attract pests
doesn't improve fertility and it really
is fairly easy on the soil because these
sorts of crops need really good soil and
you know we have beautiful soil here
beautiful dark soil that is full of a
lot of hereness and
so these this soils been prepared for
these crops and they're all going very
well but putting in this companion
planting now really helps so if you want
more information on companion planting
on all the crops in your vegetable
garden please have a look in our
gardener subscriber area you know
website just search for any crop and
you'll see good companions and bad
contains and that's at city food growers
kaamdar you thanks